Well, we can start.
Okay, well, we'll see. Going back to the (***)
Yeah, pandemic.
Okay, go back to the food.
it is
yeah
habiro good yeah yeah, yeah.
You know, but I think nowadays with so many foreign travelers, there's got to be a
Yeah
If you want to know about food recommendations you need to go
You need to ask her, because I guess I'm not a foodie.
yeah like, I just.
go walk around, like I enjoy more of the sightseeing.
And then if I combine...
and run into a good place, then I'm happy.
But if it's not there, I don't seek it out.
That's not my number one priority, yeah.
Like I like it when like
When I lived in Sunday, like I would
purchase like the like a...
of like all the, you know.
Yeah, and then so that's when I like whenever I have time I would go.
to different places.
And that I enjoy doing, but I.
I never did it when I traveled. Yeah.
Yeah.
but i don't I don't enjoy
I don't i actually like steakhouses here though.
I don't like Wagyu. but this like it's too..
No, but Japanese meat, like when you eat it...
it's fatty and the reason why like the fatty meat was
is popular in Japan is because...
Japanese people like to cook their meat well done.
But well done meat and that it gets dry. Yeah and tough.
So by marbleizing the meat with that,
You could do it well, Dunnan.
That like that was kind of like
how it was done in the past and..yeah
I don't well, you know that like Japan like the
law is that you cannot feed livestock any waste.
material. It has to be...
made from scratch fresh for that.
And so that's why the pork is the quality of the pork is really good.
They (***)